Add react-instantsearch guide (#2695)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/cookbooks/instantsearch.mdx

- `name`
- `description`
- `picture`
- `categories`

We added two extra fields to help us credit the pictures’ authors:

- `picture_author`
- `picture_author_profile_link`

The front end will look like this:

![Searching through a list of restaurants](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/meilisearch/documentation/migrate-instantsearch-guide/assets/images/instantsearch/restaurants-list.gif)

## Requirements

1. A running instance of Meilisearch (v >= 1.x) with the [restaurants’ dataset](https://github.com/meilisearch/datasets/blob/main/datasets/restaurants/restaurants.json) indexed. If you need help with this part, you can follow our [quick start guide](/learn/getting_started/cloud_quick_start).
2. A [React](https://reactjs.org/) environment with the following packages installed:

```bash
yarn add @meilisearch/instant-meilisearch@^0.11.1 instantsearch.css@^8.0.0 react-instantsearch-dom@^6.39.1
```

<Capsule intent="note">
  If you’re using newer versions of the packages, you may want to check their changelogs.
</Capsule>

To easily create a single-page React application, you can use [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/).

> ## Code

Reviewer: Perhaps a more descriptive title here? Something indicating this is the finalised code for the whole guide?

> For this example, we only need two files: `App.js` and `index.js`. `App.js` will contain your app's code, and `index.js` will initialize your React App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this guide, you only need two files: `App.js` and `index.js`. `App.js` will contain your app's code, and `index.js` will initialize your React App.
```

Your `index.js` file should look like this:

```jsx
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import './index.css';
import App from './App';

ReactDOM.render(
  <React.StrictMode>
    <App />
  </React.StrictMode>,
  document.getElementById('root')
);
```

> You shouldn't have to modify `index.js` at all, so let's take a look at the code for `App.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You shouldn't have to modify `index.js`.

Your `App.js` file should look like this:
```

} from "react-instantsearch-dom";
import "./App.css";
import { instantMeiliSearch } from "@meilisearch/instant-meilisearch";

const searchClient = instantMeiliSearch(
  "<your Meilisearch host>",
  "<your Meilisearch API key>"
);

const App = () => (
  <div className="ais-InstantSearch">
    <h1>Restaurants Demo with Meilisearch</h1>
    <InstantSearch indexName="restaurant" searchClient={searchClient}>
      <Stats />
      <SearchBox />
      <InfiniteHits hitComponent={Hit} />
    </InstantSearch>
  </div>
);

const Hit = ({ hit }) => (
  <div key={hit.id}>
    <div className="hit-name">
      <Highlight attribute="name" hit={hit} />
    </div>
    <p className="hit-categories"><Highlight attribute="categories" hit={hit} /></p>
    <div className="hit-image">
      <img src={hit.picture} alt={hit.name} width="200px" />
      <p className="image-credit">Picture by <a href={hit.picture_author_profile_link}>{hit.picture_author}</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=restaurants_demo&utm_medium=referral">Unsplash</a></p>
    </div>
    <div className="hit-description">
      <Highlight attribute="description" hit={hit} />
    </div>
  </div>
);

export default App;
```

> 
> Let's take a closer look at this code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Importing the required components

> The following lines of code import the components and the client we need for search, along with the style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following lines of code import the components and the search client, along with CSS styling:
```

```jsx
import "instantsearch.css/themes/algolia-min.css";
import React from "react";
import {
  InstantSearch,
  InfiniteHits,
  SearchBox,
  Stats,
  Highlight
} from "react-instantsearch-dom";
import "./App.css";
import { instantMeiliSearch } from "@meilisearch/instant-meilisearch";
```

### Initializing the search client

> Next, we need to initialize the search client that will communicate with Meilisearch. Add your Meilisearch credentials: host and API key, as the first and second parameters of the instantMeilisearch function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you need to initialize the search client that will communicate with Meilisearch. Add your Meilisearch credentials: host and API key, as the first and second parameters of the instantMeilisearch function.
```

```jsx
const searchClient = instantMeiliSearch(
  "<your Meilisearch host>",
  "<your Meilisearch API key>"
);
```

<Capsule intent="note">

>   In production environments, make sure to [secure your instance](/learn/security/master_api_keys) and use a read-only key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In production environments, make sure to [secure your instance](/learn/security/master_api_keys) and use a read-only key.
```

</Capsule>

> ### Adding our components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adding components
```

> The following code adds the different components we need:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code adds the necessary components:
```

```jsx
const App = () => (
  <div className="ais-InstantSearch">
    <h1>Restaurants Demo with Meilisearch</h1>
    <InstantSearch indexName="restaurant" searchClient={searchClient}>
      <Stats />
      <SearchBox />
      <InfiniteHits hitComponent={Hit} />
    </InstantSearch>
  </div>
);

const Hit = ({ hit }) => (
  <div key={hit.id}>
    <div className="hit-name">
      <Highlight attribute="name" hit={hit} />
    </div>
    <p className="hit-categories"><Highlight attribute="categories" hit={hit} /></p>
    <div className="hit-image">
      <img src={hit.picture} alt={hit.name} width="200px" />
      <p className="image-credit">Picture by <a href={hit.picture_author_profile_link}>{hit.picture_author}</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=restaurants_demo&utm_medium=referral">Unsplash</a></p>
    </div>
    <div className="hit-description">
      <Highlight attribute="description" hit={hit} />
    </div>
  </div>
);

export default App;
```

> Let's go step-by-step to understand what each component does:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - `<InstantSearch>`: a mandatory wrapper for our instant search. We need to provide the searchClient as a prop to this component, along with the [index UID](/learn/core_concepts/indexes#index-uid)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<InstantSearch>`: a mandatory wrapper for our instant search. You must to provide  `searchClient` as a prop to this component, along with the [index UID](/learn/core_concepts/indexes#index-uid)
```

- `<Stats>`: shows the number of documents and the time it took Meilisearch to find the search results
- `<SearchBox>`: adds the search bar

> - `<InfiniteHits>`: a wrapper around the different Hits. It takes Hit (declared in line 29) as a prop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<InfiniteHits>`: a wrapper around the different Hits. It takes `Hit` (declared in line 29) as a prop
```

> - `<Hit>`: a custom component we created to determine which attribute of our restaurants we would showcase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<Hit>`: a custom component that determines which restaurant attribute to showcase
```

> ### The Hit component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The `Hit` component
```

```jsx
const Hit = ({ hit }) => (
  <div key={hit.id}>
    <div className="hit-name">
      <Highlight attribute="name" hit={hit} />
    </div>
    <p className="hit-categories"><Highlight attribute="categories" hit={hit} /></p>
    <div className="hit-image">
      <img src={hit.picture} alt={hit.name} width="200px" />
      <p className="image-credit">Picture by <a href={hit.picture_author_profile_link}>{hit.picture_author}</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=restaurants_demo&utm_medium=referral">Unsplash</a></p>
    </div>
    <div className="hit-description">
      <Highlight attribute="description" hit={hit} />
    </div>
  </div>
);
```

- `<img>` takes hit.picture as prop to show the picture of each restaurant

> - The `<Highlight>` component takes the attribute as the prop and if there are matches of the query in that attribute they'll be highlighted. In the first case, name, in the second, categories, and in the third case, description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `<Highlight>` component takes the attribute as the prop. If there are matches of the query in that attribute they'll be highlighted. In the first case, `name`, in the second, `categories`, and in the third case, `description`
```

> 
> And that's it; with just a few lines of code, we have built a search interface. I leave it to you to give it a personal touch and embellish it with a little CSS 💅

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Conclusion

> To go further, we could use filters to create a [faceted search](/learn/advanced/faceted_search) interface and allow users to refine search results based on restaurant categories. But I wanted to keep this tutorial as simple as possible to help you understand how easy it is to integrate InstantSearch.js with Meilisearch to create a great search experience!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's it—you have a fully functioning search front end powered by InstantSearch. To go further, you might want to use filters to create a [faceted search](/learn/advanced/faceted_search) interface and allow users to refine search results based on restaurant categories.
```

<Capsule intent="note">

>   Prefer some other flavor of Javascript? Check out all our [front-end integrations](/learn/what_is_meilisearch/sdks#front-end-tools).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefer some other flavor of Javascript? Check out all other [Meilisearch front-end integrations](/learn/what_is_meilisearch/sdks#front-end-tools).
```
